helm3 support for NOTES.txt (#369)
hashicorp/consul-helm: templates/NOTES.txt

https://www.consul.io/docs/platform/k8s/index.html

> Your release is named {{ .Release.Name }}. To learn more about the release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your release is named {{ .Release.Name }}.
```

Author: Done in commit : 1195a6c413892e82a8968100272845e3b3aa2db9

> If you are usign Helm version 2, try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the release if you are using Helm 2, run:
```

Author: Done in commit : 1195a6c413892e82a8968100272845e3b3aa2db9

  $ helm status {{ .Release.Name }}
  $ helm get {{ .Release.Name }}

> If you are using Helm version 3, try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the release if you are using Helm 3, run:
```

Author: Done in commit : 1195a6c413892e82a8968100272845e3b3aa2db9
